# Sprint Meeting 2022-10-24

## Agenda

- [x] Discuss progress summary of previous project (@all)
- [x] Determine final groups and topics (@madeit07)
- [x] What should be our first steps? (@madeit07)

## Protocol

- Setup VM from start to know what packages are installed and used
  - Nice-to-have requirement
- Hardware implementation is Nice-to-have but shouldn't be our current focus
- Traffic Simulation and Simulation Control will be disbanded
  - Previous groups have already completed everything, only minor features left which are currently not needed (e.g. HW support)
- Each group gets a task for training
  - V2X: Implementing PCS (pseudonym change strategy) based on distance driven
  - Testing: Collect and evaluate data for a periodical PCS simulation run
