# Sprint Meeting 2022-11-07

## Agenda

- [x] Are requirement ready for V2X? (@siseit01, @kaoeit01)
- [x] Next tasks: #5, #6, #18

## Protocol

- Possible midterm presentation topics:
  - Pseudonym testing for V2X communication (Gen1) Status Quo
  - Current PCS with anonymity set size privacy metric
  - SLOW implementation and evaluation

### Testing Scenarios & Data

> @madeit07, @siseit01, @kaoeit01, @nistit02

- Tasks: #18, #19, #20

- Future tasks (next sprint):
  - #9

### V2X

> @jubait02, @jalait01, @nokoit01, @keehit01

- Tasks: #5, #6

- Future tasks (next sprint):
    - #10
